=Sugar and Lies=
(A Different Her: The Women's Trilogy)
=Episode 23=
=Sorry, I Love You=
Everyone's watching, huh?
Xibei.
Can you let my brother hear me?
Sure.
I'll handle the call access.
Brother.
You said you'd always be with me.
Did you forget?
Brother.
How long is "forever", really?
Forever...
It must be...
longer than Miaomiao's
entire math workbook.
I don't believe that.
It ends after just three pages.
You just don't like studying.
There, look, seagulls.
Look, hurry up.
Where?
Right here.
Miaomiao, do you like seagulls?
Yeah, I do.
I wish I could fly too.
Brother.
Will you always stay with me?
Of course I will.
I will always protect my Miaomiao.
You promise?
I promise.
Aming.
Miaomiao.
There are seashells here.
They're huge.
Look, a rainbow.
For real? Another one?
I'm not your brother!
He's been gone for a long time.
Zhou Haoran.
Lin Xibei.
You two ungrateful rats.
Without me,
you should've been gone,
buried in some forgotten corner.
Why did you betray me?
Why?
Yu Kun.
You're having a mental split.
Your mind's completely clouded.
Take a deep breath.
You're out of your mind.
Your whole family's nuts.
Yu Kun, you lowlife!
If you dare harm Ding Daang,
I swear I won't let you go.
Brother, calm down.
The police are on their way.
Boss, she is Ding Daang,
the woman you love the most.
Boss, I messed up. I'm sorry.
- Boss!
- Shut up!
(No signal)
They said I have feelings for you.
Said I love you.
How could that be possible?
Then prove it to me.
If everything in the past was fake,
then end me now.
If everything in the past was a lie,
then end me now!
Aming.
My name is Ding Daang.
Like the sound
of a spoon falling into a bowl.
What if another girl shows up
and insists on chasing after you?
I'll just tell her
I already have a girlfriend.
Come back.
Chen Aming!
笙ｪAnd there's that little cat
by the window笙ｪ
笙ｪAlways stretching relaxed笙ｪ
Ding Daang and Chen Aming
will stay together forever.
笙ｪSometimes I dream of it
without meaning to笙ｪ
Aming!
Chen Aming.
Aming.
笙ｪTears always fall for no reason笙ｪ
Chen Aming!
Wake up,
the sun's already heating your back.
Chen Aming.
Aming.
Wake up.
The sun's already heating your back.
I'm almost done reading
the novel "Sugar and Lies".
Aming.
Do you still remember
how that novel ended?
Aming died.
No, Aming didn't die.
笙ｪSometimes I dream of it
without meaning to笙ｪ
Ding Daang.
What are you doing here?
You shouldn't be here.
Go, now!
Chen Aming.
Thank you.
Thank you for being part of my youth.
You lit up my world.
If I don't say it now, it'll be too late.
Too late? What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
Go, hurry.
Aming.
Yu Kun isn't your enemy.
He's the armor that shields you.
When everything feels too heavy to bear,
he's the one who stands up
to protect you.
Chen Aming,
it's time you faced it all.
Aming,
be braver.
(Sugar and Lies)
Just like the ending of this novel.
Ding Daang said to Chen Aming,
"as long as you count to three,
everything will be alright".
One.
No.
Two.
Three.
Don't!
笙ｪMaybe time will slowly
wear our edges down笙ｪ
Move aside.
笙ｪWhen we look back,
we'll just laugh at our youth笙ｪ
笙ｪIf we could go back,
even for a second笙ｪ
Let go.
笙ｪI'd give up everything
just to see your smile again笙ｪ
It
is
over!
(I owe you too much.)
笙ｪEverything in my memory
feels so beautiful笙ｪ
It's over.
Yu Kun.
Look closely,
I can break free
from the cage you think I'm in.
So,
you plan to replace me?
Yu Kun.
Don't you get it yet?
I am you
and you are me.
Neither of us can replace the other.
All these years,
you're the one who took care
of Miaomiao
and built Keep Love from scratch.
Thank you for living the life I couldn't.
You won.
But so what?
We're both exhausted.
Aren't we?
Why?
Why not now?
I was just one step away.
So close, yet still short.
Because she's still waiting for us.
They're all waiting for us to come home.
Have you made up your mind?
If you go back now,
those memories
and all that pain...
I'm not afraid.
This time,
we face it together.
笙ｪI forgot this is a movie meant for one笙ｪ
笙ｪSomehow you're still here,
crying with me笙ｪ
笙ｪThey say笙ｪ
笙ｪLovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie笙ｪ
笙ｪSome endings cannot be changed笙ｪ
笙ｪThey don't belong in sweet memories笙ｪ
笙ｪI've already lost you笙ｪ
Ding Daang,
I might have to leave for a while.
Go ahead.
I'll wait for you.
It's not a farewell forever.
My friend.
Everything else
doesn't really matter.
You coming back
is what matters most.
But...
what if he never comes back?
Xibei.
Love means trust.
笙ｪBound for a tragic ending笙ｪ
笙ｪThey say笙ｪ
笙ｪLovers should never hold hands
while watching a sad movie笙ｪ
笙ｪSome endings cannot be changed笙ｪ
笙ｪThey don't belong in sweet memories笙ｪ
笙ｪI've already lost you笙ｪ
笙ｪThinking of it takes my breath away笙ｪ
笙ｪThe movie ends, so many couples around笙ｪ
笙ｪYet none were ever like us笙ｪ
笙ｪThe past will always pass笙ｪ
笙ｪIf you could still hold me tight
in your arms笙ｪ
笙ｪI'd believe
that there are miracles in love笙ｪ
笙ｪI'd prove
that I'm still in love with you笙ｪ
笙ｪI've learned how to cherish
what we had笙ｪ
笙ｪBut sadly, it's not you笙ｪ
笙ｪI forgot this is a movie meant for one笙ｪ
笙ｪSomehow you're still here,
crying with me笙ｪ